Updated UG to address issues #191, #186, #183, #168 (#198)
AY2324S2-CS2103T-T11-2/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

Format: `help`

For more information regarding the command formats and examples, press `F1` to open up a help window (as shown in the picture below).

>   * For some users with newer Macs, use `fn`+`F1` to open the help window.

Reviewer: This seems oddly specific (some laptop keyboard also has this Fn lock). Just say "Depends on your keyboard, you might have to press other keyboard combinations, such as Fn+F1, to trigger F1".

For all you know I'm pressing `SPAOFRLG` to open the help window.

Author: Yeah but it's specific to the newer Macs right

Reviewer: My laptop has Fn lock key too. Something like this https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/F-Lock

>   * For some users (with newer Macs, you would have to press `fn`+`F1` to open the help window).

Reviewer 2: Would be better to remove the parentheses

  since it does not conform to NUS course code format). Nevertheless, if you enter such a course code as input, the
  program will allow you to bypass the validation by adding `f/` to the end of the command.

:bulb: Note that `f/` must come at the end, or immediately before a tag. <br>
For example, `add f/ n/Alice e/alice@gmail.com r/STUDENT c/CS2103T` is allowed, 

> but `add n/ f/ Alice …` or `add n/Alice e/ f/alice@gmail.com`is not allowed.

Reviewer: Missing space here.

Also please make formatting consistent --- all bulb must be inside blue box.

**Preview site with Jekyll before merge.**

Author: Where's the missing space here. I think it's correct right?

* The indices do not need to be listed in order. (i.e. `2, 4, 6` is the same as `6, 2, 4`)
* Listing the same index more than once will result in an error message being displayed.
* Each `INDEX` must still adhere to the points listed above.

> * Whitespace between indices is not important. i.e. `delete 1,2,3` is the same as `delete 1, 2, 3`.

Reviewer: We need to balance carefully between being informative and not throwing a wall of text to the user instead of blindly following bug reporter.

I argue that explicitly mentioning this doesn't seem to be a particularly good idea. (After all, if the user try it out, it will be obvious)

> * It is upto the user to decide if they want to use `delete 1,2,3` or `delete 1, 2, 3`, both work the exact same way.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Whitespace between indices is not important. i.e. `delete 1,2,3` is the same as `delete 1, 2, 3`
```

## Command summary

| Action     | Format, Examples                                                                                                                                                          |
|------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | [**Add**](#adding-a-contact-add)    | `add n/NAME e/EMAIL r/ROLE c/COURSE [a/ ADDRESS] [p/PHONE] [t/TAG]…[f/]` <br> e.g., `add n/James Ho p/22224444 e/jamesho@example.com r/STUDENT a/PGPR c/CS2103T t/friend` |

Reviewer 3: Should we include "[f/]" here also? It is not a section like name and email and it is just kind of additional command. How do you think?

Reviewer 3: Oh nevermind, we mentioned that it is also a field.

> | [**Add**](#adding-a-contact-add)    | `add n/NAME e/EMAIL r/ROLE c/COURSE [a/ ADDRESS] [p/PHONE] [t/TAG]…[f/]` <br> e.g., `add n/James Ho p/22224444 e/jamesho@example.com r/STUDENT a/PGPR c/CS2103T t/friend` |

Reviewer: Extraneous space here.

Author: oh ok, i'll fix that
